Talk about electric vehicles in general and then more specifically about Tesla.
Why Tesla? Because at the time being, they're leading the market and they the most innovative car maker. We'll see why at the end of this presentation.
A brief recap about Tesla. Real name is Tesla Motors, it was founded in 2003 by Elon Musk, a serial entrepreneur.
I didn't reharse that much cause you know, I wanted this presentation to seem like I'm just talking, having a conversation with you, out of the blue. Exposing a few facts, in the end, just trying to convince you and then start a debate. Then it will be your job to weight up the pros and cons of going 100% electric.
It's going to be very dense but yet, of great interest. Let's get started.

// CONTENTS

// STATE OF THE MARKET

Just to give you an example, in France, electric vehicles represent less than 2% of the cars.

Tesla was awarded a 5-star safety rating by the National Highway Traffic in 2013.

The consumer reports rated the car 99 out of 100, that same year, which makes the Model S the best car ever created according to them.

// SALES

Bar chart is pretty self-explanatory.

// HOW IT WORKS

- No fuel tank, instead one huge battery placed right on the chassis.
- 1 gear, no shifting, just like a karting. In addition, there's no transmission, it's a direct drive.
- The 290 kilowatt motor allows you to regerate power when braking. As you might have guessed, there's also no tail pipe, it's all electric.
- It's a very powerful motor capable of develiring insane thrust. The car goes up to 60 miles per hour in less than 3 seconds, depending on the motor you chose. The maximum speed is approximately 130 miles per hour. The capabilities of the car, in terms of acceleration, exceed those of a Ferrari or a Lamborghini.

// motors

can either be a dual motor or a propulsion car: it's actually an option you can take when purchasing you car

// battery

pretty huge, it's a core part of the chassis, although it can be easily replaced.

// CHALLENGES

Erasing air pollution. A recent estimate showed that every year, air pollution kills 55,000 people, globally.
So we want to erase that kind of pollution at all possible levels, including even the very first steps of car production.

Electricity production is also a big challenge. This matters as much as the rest.

It's a fact. Once you're done with all of these problems, well, it's over. You've solved the problem completely.

I'll try to adress most of these problematics in the coming slides. Let us move on.

// SOURCES OF PULLUTION

No rare earth element is used to produce a Model S. Therefore, this means that the company avoids here a lot of pollution. Indeed, mining and refining rare earth elements often causes serious environmental consequences if not properly managed. As I'm not an expert you can look it up on Google and find more about this. But still, it's a good thing to point out.

// ELECTRICITY PRODUCTION #1

A 2012 report was concluded, saying "Electric vehicles charged on the power grid have lower global warming emissions than the average gasoline-based vehicle sold today."

// ELECTRICITY PRODUCTION #2


// STILL RELUCTANT?

Tax credit of a few thousand dollars.
